# Data engineer puzzle

In this exercise your task is to build a simple recommender based on given visit and product dataset. Build your solution on top of the given project skeleton. Here are some guidelines:

* The solution should implement trait `com.nosto.puzzle.Puzzle`.
* Feel free to use Scala or Java.
* Add your implementation to `com.nosto.puzzle.Main#instantiate`.
* The solution have to build using `gradle build`.
* You can utilize any package available in https://mvnrepository.com/ by adding them to the gradle build file.
* The given dataset contains *visit* and *product* models. Visits are generated by users visiting an online store and they may contain any number of *events*. An event is generated by a page load and contain two properties, *target* that maps to product id and *type* that can hold one of the following values:
  * `vp` for product view
  * `cp` for adding a product to cart
  * `bp` for buing a product.
Rest of the fields are self-explanatory.
* Visit data is located in `src/main/resources/visit/*` and product data in `src/main/resources/products`. All data files contain JSON strings one object per line.
* Build a Spark application that loads the given data and recommends products that cost at least 100 €. While we always appreciate neat algorithms, the purpose of this exercise is not to build a complicated recommender. We just want to see how you build the data flow and produce a simple output. The only requirement about the results is the minimum price.
* For practical reasons we don't provide a large dataset. However, build your solution in a way that it would scale for a large amounts of visits. Product scalability is not considered in this exercise.
